the history of photography 1959 Giovanni
but I like that all be someone like on a
good night when he game Einstein credit
for these great calculation we have a
payday historical stories of photography
tire fee is only on
right people always want to tame
everything so they came up with
photography it lets us cut time into
tiny pieces and save it for later
is our window to the past
it helps us write history create works
of art and capture those precious
moments in our lives
technology is racing ahead delivering
more efficient and compact devices
sometimes it takes a sudden turn giving
us new possibilities
innovation teleport is a unique
combination of augmented reality and 3d
scanning brought by the city of Poznan
combined and a futuristic pavilion with
a 3d scanning capsule enabling every
visitor to get a complete body scan the
mobile application activated on a
special tracker provides a virtual tour
divided into various categories it all
happened thanks to the Polish home of
innovation the city of Poznan
you